Challenge FERS complete your trilogy of
Star Wars builds using parts from eBay
[Applause]
[Music]
again
[Applause]
[Music]
so to celebrate the new film the rise of
Skywalker my selves in eBay have created
this the x34 landspeeder now this thing
is full metal construction we have built
this over the last five weeks we've been
it we've shaped it we've brushed it
we've moved it into shape all from
measuring this wonderful toy of course
bought off eBay but never mind that
what's he like to drive one of these
things
[Music]
the big tricky to get it excellent
in the streets of phony hi he's exactly
the scale
[Music]
don't you guys move right they still
have bad side
I mean we've upgraded the electric motor
taste quickly everybody was thinking
species early
six mice to be jet-powered
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yes we are facing Jets
[Music]
so it looks the part it sounds the part
and if it was sat here on Tatooine you
would think it was leaked landspeeder
but there's this little trick that they
did in the 70s film where they put a
mirror along the bottom to make it looks
like it's hovering let's have a cracker
that
[Music]
wheels on here mate yeah I know
no wheels on here no okay this is a
wonderful machine but like Luke
Skywalker can I use this is like my
everyday vehicle
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll be
[Music]
yes the collie
thurs x34 landspeeder now I don't think
I'm actually done with this project yet
because I think it needs to go a lot
faster so I'm thinking in the future we
should upgrade the electric motor or
stick a proper engine in it thanks to
ebay for sponsoring all of my Star Wars
projects and of course the new film the
rise of Skywalker it's at cinemas the
end of December and there we are but a
force be with you ah
[Music]
[Applause]